hey guys what's going on it's yo auntie
I'm making kind of a little impromptu
sneaker video here I just left the gym
and I'm gonna run over to finish line I
got about 35 40 minutes it's gonna take
a power to get there but they have wear
sneakers I want on sale and I have a
rewards coupon that's about to expire so
I want to I want to go use it and it's a
pair of sneakers I want to get a pair of
tubulars which um I'm obsessed with
tubulars I have two pair now and I want
to get a third and they have a pair that
i want anyways on sale plus my coupon so
I'm gonna do a little impromptu
30-minute not 30 minutes log but I gotta
get there in 30 minutes before they
close and then I'm sorry I'm out of
breath cuz i come from the gym but yeah
I want to get these jus Bueller's so
quick little in-store pickup so let's
head to finish line
mitted here with about 14 minutes to
spare look this guy right now look at
this Lou this it's kind of like at that
point where it's like still light out
it's like almost at that point where it
stays light out for the longest part of
the year I love that I'm at the Westgate
Mall Brockton s I never really come here
to this mall but they have actually a
dope finish line better than my finish
line at their a social closet they have
like tubulars and like always like good
markdowns and stop whereas my other
finish line doesn't have I feel like an
asshole tank top right notes I never
want to be that guy but I am coming
right from the gym I didn't have time to
change so it is what it is behind let's
go live pick these kicks all right guys
here are those picnic or denim air max
90 s I like those I get some air max
2015's right here in the all infra red
colorway get another kind of orange
color way I actually really like these
gray air max 95's those are sick those
are one on sale and maybe grab them and
then we've got the once again laser one
sitting which is bananas to me because I
think that's a great shoe I guess the
185 price point scares people then we
got you know you saw some or futures
eclipses oh you know pretty standard
stuff but still really nice here's
here's kind of what I've what I'm
looking for here I'm tubular crazy right
now all types of ZX flux models other
just know adidas selection but here it
is they've got an awesome tubular
section all like pretty much all on sale
to mark down a 90 ruined colorway the
leaf color way more ZX flux right there
but now I get to decide this is the pair
i came for the bread colorway I have the
Royal colorway I'm not sure now because
the
he's the black hair looks nice the
maroon pair looks nice all right youporn
right now I like the black and white I
like the maroon like the bro
to make decision i initially can't put
these but now
these
a classic black and white power alright
that was a tough choice I kind of
panicked yeah literally have like nine
different shoes on being like which
one should i get i don't know i like all
three so much this is where there's
gonna be get back because i'm gonna be
like oh well I want to get the other two
eventually but I'm telling you tubular
season I was late to the truth of the
party but now them in it I'm having a
great time I'll show you guys what I got
hold on all right guys here we go i went
with the maroon color the bread colorway
the red was very loud red I don't know
something about it I was um once I tried
it on it was a little too noisy for me I
still like it but I think the black girl
flowed better nicely where is you guys
know a big marooned kick guy I like the
the pretty much solid color of these
it's you know there's a lot going on in
this shoe so with that bread calloway it
was just a little too much whereas this
is nice subtle maroon I'm gonna do a
detailed review I'll do that when i do
the unfilled i'll show you guys just
like the details get cool little hits
all over the shoe like i said i love
tubulars now I'm hope hopefully I'll
grab that black pair hopefully that'll
go on sale again I definitely the black
bears wall and eventually the bread I'm
gonna be I'm going to do a crazy man
totally tubular dude alright guys hope
you enjoyed the little pickup video if
you did hit the thumbs up button than
that a bunch of links in the description
of my social media and all that grateful
for all you guys support as always so
thank you very much i'll talk to you
guys in the next video take care peace